Acellera Not-for-Profit License Agreement v2

The software, models, and data (here collectively called "Licensed Materials")
have been developed by the contributing researchers from Acellera and are made
available through Acellera for your internal, non-profit research use.

Acellera grants you, as an individual (the "Licensee"), the right to use the
Licensed Materials under the following conditions:

Internal Use by the Licensee. The Licensed Materials are provided for your
personal, non-commercial, non-transferable use in connection with your
non-profit research. The Licensed Materials must not be published, distributed,
shared, reverse-engineered, or otherwise transferred to any other individual,
group, or organization.

Non-Profit Research Only. You agree to use the Licensed Materials and their
outputs only for non-profit research purposes. Outputs include anything derived
from the Licensed Materials, such as modified models, processed data, or
results of a similar nature. Using the Licensed Materials to produce academic
papers is permitted. However, you may not use the Licensed Materials, their
outputs, or derivatives for any for-profit activities or to replicate the
Licensed Materials. 
If you wish to use the Licensed Materials for commercial purposes, including
fee-based service projects, you must execute a separate licensing agreement with
Acellera and pay a fee. For inquiries, please contact: info@acellera.com.

Retention of Notices. You must retain in the Licensed Materials and any
modifications to the Licensed Materials the copyright, trademark, or other
notices provided by Acellera.

Feedback. You are encouraged, but not required, to provide feedback
to Acellera regarding your use of the Licensed Materials. Any feedback you
provide may be used by Acellera to improve the Licensed Materials. Bug reports
and technical questions may be sent to: support@acellera.com.

No Reverse Engineering. You agree not to disassemble, decompile, decrypt,
extract, or otherwise attempt to reverse engineer any part of the Licensed
Materials, including algorithms, models, or data.

Usage Monitoring. The Licensed Materials may send usage information to Acellera,
such as IP addresses, to monitor usage or provide updates. By using the
Licensed Materials, you consent to this process.

Acknowledgment in Publications. You agree to acknowledge the contribution the
Licensed Materials make to your research and cite appropriate references about
the Licensed Materials in your publications.

Assumption of Risk. Any risk associated with using the Licensed Materials is
assumed by you. The Licensed Materials are experimental in nature and are
provided "AS IS," without obligation by Acellera to provide accompanying
services or support.

Jurisdiction. This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of Spain. Any disputes arising under this license will be subject to
the jurisdiction of the courts of Spain.

Termination. Acellera reserves the right to terminate this license if you
violate any of its terms. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the
Licensed Materials and delete any copies in your possession.

Disclaimer of Warranties. ACELLERA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES
REGARDING THE LICENSED MATERIALS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES PERTAINING TO NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
